gh-repo: add page (#4897)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-repo.md

# gh repo

> Work with GitHub repositories on the command line.
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_repo>.

> - Create new repository (if the repository name is not set, it will default to the name of the current directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create new a repository (if the repository name is not set, it will default to the name of the current directory):
```

> - Create a new repository (if the repository name is not set, it will default to the name of the current directory):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a new repository (if the repository name is not set, the default name will be the name of the current directory):
```

Does this sound better?

`gh repo create {{name}}`

> - Clone repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clone a repository:
```

> `gh repo clone {{repository}}`

Reviewer: You should include the `owner` if the repo is not in your account:
```suggestion
`gh repo clone {{owner}}/{{repository}}`
```
Maybe you can add an extra example for clone the repositories in the logged in account.

> - Fork and clone repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork and clone a repository:
```

> `gh repo fork {{owner}}/{{repository}} --clone=true`

Reviewer: If you use just `--clone`, gh reads `true` implicitly, to use `false` you need to explicitly include it `--clone=false`.
I prefer to simplify the command example:
```suggestion
`gh repo fork {{owner}}/{{repository}} --clone`
```
